bpo-36389: Add gc.enable_object_debugger() (#12480)
python/cpython: Doc/library/gc.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.3

The :mod:`gc` module provides a "object debugger" which checks frequently if

> all Python object tracked by the garbage collector are consistenct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mod:`gc` module provides an "object debugger" which checks frequently if
all Python objects tracked by the garbage collector are consistent.
```

.. function:: enable_object_debugger(threshold)

   Enable the object debugger.

   Check all Python objects tracked by the garbage collector every *threshold*
   memory allocation or deallocation made by the garbage collector.

   Low *threshold* can have a significant negative impact on Python

>    performances, but should detect earlier inconsistent Python objects.

Reviewer: s/performances/performance

   .. versionadded:: 3.3

The :mod:`gc` module provides an "object debugger" which checks frequently if
all Python objects tracked by the garbage collector look valid:

* check that the reference counter is greater than or equal to 1;
* check that the pointer to the type is not NULL;
* if debug hooks on memory allocators (:c:func:`PyMem_SetupDebugHooks`) are
  enabled (:envvar:`PYTHONMALLOC` environment variable set to ``"debug"`` or
  :option:`-X` ``dev`` command line option), detect freed memory.

This debugger aims to debug bugs in C extensions.

> .. function:: enable_object_debugger(threshold)

Reviewer 2: The signature does not match implementation.
